Peace Through Understanding Application: Flushing Meadows-Corona Park 1964-65 World’s Fair Buildings and Monuments
I need an application developed which informs customers of the numerous exhibits and artifacts in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park associated with the New York 1964-65 World's Fair. The software should be a website application that depicts the remaining buildings and monuments in the park from the fair on a clean and easy to read interactive digital map. The purpose of the application is to showcase aspects of the park’s history in a simple, fun, and exciting website application that can be utilized in the park or wherever convenient to learn. Information depicted in the application would be text, photographs, and maps. The website application should be made with accessibility in mind and for visitors to the park, the Queens Museum, and any user who has access to the internet.
Essential to the software is data and digital artifacts regarding the remaining buildings and monuments at Flushing Meadow-Corona Park from the 1964-65 World's Fair. Onsite research and documentation to further inform our application where other sources may lack. Limitations the team would need to know about could be but not limited to details regarding minute materials in certain databases not easily accessible to the developers. If photographs of any of the exhibits or artifacts are needed, they should be framed and composed similarly to retain continuity throughout the application. 
I am a Digital Humanities student who focused on Art History and Geography during my Undergrad and have taken Advanced GIS and created numerous ESRI Story Maps based on historic locations and artists and their artwork. I worked closely with the American realist painter Bo Bartlett on his catalogue raisonne and interned at The Bo Bartlett Center. I have curated two exhibitions in small galleries, co-curated an exhibition in a museum setting, and had a selection of my photographs exhibited last September. I strongly believe in the creation and utilization of digital media to teach all ages about people, places and things of importance. This software should be made due to the park’s historic significance as the last World's Fairs in New York. The 1964-65 World’s Fair was themed Peace Through Understanding and a virtual tour of the fair would help to continue that idea.
